docs(react-scheduler): fix components' description in Views' API reference (#3164)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-scheduler/docs/reference/day-view.md

DayView.TimeScaleLabel | [DayView.TimeScaleLabelProps](#dayviewtimescalelabelprops) | A component that renders a time scale label.
DayView.DayScaleLayout | [DayView.DayScaleLayoutProps](#dayviewdayscalelayoutprops) | A component that renders a day scale layout.
DayView.DayScaleCell | [DayView.DayScaleCellProps](#dayviewdayscalecellprops) | A component that renders a day scale cell.
DayView.DayScaleRow | [DayView.RowProps](#dayviewrowprops) | A component that renders a day scale row.
DayView.DayScaleEmptyCell | [DayView.DayScaleEmptyCellProps](#dayviewdayscaleemptycellprops) | A component that renders a day scale empty cell.
DayView.TimeTableLayout | [DayView.TimeTableLayoutProps](#dayviewtimetablelayoutprops) | A component that renders a time table layout.
DayView.TimeTableCell | [DayView.TimeTableCellProps](#dayviewtimetablecellprops) | A component that renders a time table cell.

> DayView.TimeTableRow | [DayView.RowProps](#dayviewrowprops) | A component that renders a time table row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DayView.TimeTableRow | [DayView.RowProps](#dayviewrowprops) | A component that renders a timetable row.
```

Reviewer: Please fix this across all our documents.

Author: Done
